KendoAngularGridAndTelerikReporting/kendo-angular-and-reporting/README.md, before:

# CLI

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli).

## How to start the project alongside the reporting service

1. Install the node dependencies - **npm install**

2. Execute the "prepare-service" script to build to reporting service project - **npm run prepare-service**

3. Execute the "start" script which will run the reporting service backend and the react frontend - **npm run start**

## MSB1060

If you run into the error `MSB1060: Undefined environment variable passed in as switch`, install the latest stable NodeJS version.

https://nodejs.org/en/ 

## `npm run start`

This will execute the `npm run run-service` and `npm run start-angular` script to start both the backend and the frontend.

## `npm run prepare-service`

This will build the Reporting REST Service with CORS demo that this project connects to.

## `npm run run-service`

This will run the Reporting REST Service with CORS demo that this project connects to.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

chore: Updated Kendo Angular Grind and Reporting
Updated the REST Service to the latest version.
Recreated the Angular application in Angular 17

KendoAngularGridAndTelerikReporting/kendo-angular-and-reporting/README.md, after:

# KendoAngularAndReporting

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 17.3.6.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
